Refresh tools token (#205)
confluentinc/cp-demo: docs/index.rst

          cd scripts/validate/

#. If running cluster for a while, and ``tools`` service returns:

   .. sourcecode:: bash

          Your token has expired. You are now logged out.
          Error: You must log in to run that command.

   Then run the following command to refresh the token:

   .. sourcecode:: bash

>           ./scripts/validate/validate_tools_token.sh 

Reviewer: @jeqo great idea to call this out in docs.

Feedback: 

First, consider a script name and location that reflect what it does, along those lines:

- instead of `scripts/validate/` (it does not validate), it could reside in `scripts/helper/`
- instead of `validate_tools_token.sh` (this isn't a "tools" token), call it `refresh_mds_login.sh`

Second, because this script will now exist, it should be referenced wherever else `mds_login` is called from the host:

```
[12:41:13] ~/git/cp-demo(5.5.x): grep -ir mds_login * | grep docker-compose
scripts/validate/validate_rest_proxy.sh:docker-compose exec tools bash -c ". /tmp/helper/functions.sh ; mds_login $MDS_URL ${SUPER_USER} ${SUPER_USER_PASSWORD}"
scripts/validate/validate_bindings.sh:docker-compose exec tools bash -c ". /tmp/helper/functions.sh ; mds_login $MDS_URL ${SUPER_USER} ${SUPER_USER_PASSWORD}"
```

Author: Done :) Though, scripts/validate/validate_bindings.sh doesn't have that line in branch `5.4.1-post`

          cd scripts/validate/

> #. If running cluster for a while, and ``tools`` service returns:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. If you are running ``cp-demo`` for a long time and issuing Confluent CLI commands on the ``tools`` container that return:
```

   .. sourcecode:: bash

          Your token has expired. You are now logged out.
          Error: You must log in to run that command.

>    Then run the following command to refresh the token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Then run the following command, which refreshes the token by logging back in to MDS:
```
